Warning: This programme
contains strong language.
"scenes of a sexual nature and scenes
some viewers may find distressing'"
There were five cabins
at Summerwater.
Four groups of people on holiday.
And the family that works in
the hotel.
And we need to figure out
what happened.
Whether this fire was an accident.
Can you shed any light on that
for us. Justine?
Look. I'm not prejudiced
against anyone.
But these people.
they put everyone's backs up.
The woman didn't even know where her
own child had run off too.
There was just a reckless vibe
about them.
is all I'm saying.
And there was this...
really odd thing.
The woman...
she kept taking pictures of me.
Like she was spying on me.
That's not normal.
If you ask me.
I'd be talking to her.
LOUD MUSIC AND CHATTER
SHOUTING
CHATTER
They're taking the piss
with that noise.
Christ sake. this is our holiday.
You remember that party flat.
above the Airbnb in Scarborough?
It's like that.
Except cos this lot are from
wherever. you can't say anything.
What?
Is this not doing your head in?
Surprised it's not woken
the kids up.
Where you going. Justine?
Annie. come back in.
You'll catch your death. Come on.
Justine.
Shall we get back inside?
I'll have a word
with their manager at the hotel in
the morning.
MUSIC CONTINUES TO POUND
You're soaked through.
Fancy going to bed?
Why are you looking at me
like that?
No reason.
Are you staying up?
-Yeah. might as well.
-OK.
RAIN POUNDS
BIRDSONG
Justine?
The external candidate was just
really strong.
I thought it was supposed to be
a formality.
I know.
It was. It was really close.
I'm sorry.
-Hi. I'm Maya.
-Hi.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. Justine.
Hi. Maya.
Maya. HR have asked after some
ID documents?
-Yes. I brought my passport.
-Great.
Come on. burn. Burn.
TWIG BREAKS
RUSTLING
Bye. Justine.
CHATTER AND LAUGHTER
Cheers!
LAUGHTER
Hiya.
-You enjoying your drinks?
-I'm actually a bit pissed.
Good for you.
They really look after you.
You settling in OK?
Just getting used to a new city.
really.
-My car got keyed.
-I know. I did it.
-What?
-I said I heard. it's awful.
I get the feeling you don't like me.
I know you applied for my job.
Oh. come on. Really?
It's a job. it is what it is.
that's childish.
When my passport went missing.
I thought. that's annoying.
but shit happens.
but then when my car got keyed.
it just seemed too much of
a coincidence. you know?
And then just now.
when I mentioned it.
I thought you said it was you.
What?
It sounded like you said.
"I did it".
You misheard.
Why would I even say that?
It doesn't make any sense.
I'm sorry.
How dare you accuse me of that?
I am so sorry.
Who the hell do you think you are
talking to me like this?
I'm just... drunk.
-Do you know what. enjoy you're evening.
-Justine. please.
MUSIC POUNDS
HEART THUMPING
SHE PANTS
I run all the time.
That could be the issue.
You're pushing your heart to
a very high level.
which may not be ideal.
So she needs to stop running?
Hang on.
Just until we know a little more.
I'd suggest you give it a miss.
And what happens if I don't?
There is a possibility your heart
could fail.
I'm... I'm fine.
I just had a funny turn.
You collapsed.
I don't wanna lose you.
Don't be soft.
Anything else troubling you?
Any stress at work?
No.
Not really.
WATER LAPS
HEART-THUMPING SCORE
- WHISPERS:
- This isn't happening.
THEY CHAT
-Everything OK?
-TV PLAYS
Yeah. Where'd you go?
Just round the loch.
in and out the woods.
How was it?
It got me out of my head.
That's good.
You had a load of missed of calls.
Oh. it'll be work.
Justine.
You're supposed to be resting.
Running is how I relax.
Yeah. but you're not supposed
to be.
Can you just stop making such
a fuss?
I worry.
Well. don't.
I'm nipping to the hotel for a bit.
You going for a pint?
For the Wi-Fi.
I've got some emails to sort out.
So I'm looking after
the kids again?
Who do you think's been looking
after them this morning?
-No. It's always me.
-That is so not true.
Fine. you do you.
-I'm nipping out for a bit. be good for Mummy. OK?
-Bye.
CLATTER
Can I have the tablet?
You've had too much already.
But it's a holiday!
What about that Polish girl?
Do you wanna go ask her if she wants
to play?
Just because we're the same age.
doesn't mean I want to play
with her.
-Cluedo?
-Jack cheats then cries when he loses.
-No. I don't.
-Yes. you do.
I don't.
-BOTH SHOUT: - Do. do. do. do. do. do.
-Don't. don't. don't. don't.
OK. OK. OK.
Enjoying your holiday?
Thank God for climate change. eh...
Hmm.
Can I borrow your hammer
and maybe a few nails?
I'm trying to put a picture up?
Sure. do you need a hand?
-I'll be fine.
-Perfect.
Guys. let's head back.
I'm freezing.
You said we could play on our own
here. That was the point.
PHONE BUZZES
You have one new message.
This is Sergeant Mayhew from
Greater Manchester Police.
It's a matter of some urgency.
I'm hoping to speak
to Justine Tindall?
Lola... Lola?
Back before it's dark.
yeah? Jack. Lola's in charge.
OK.
You're not a good person.
What did you just say?
I wasn't talking to you. Sorry.
Fuck.
PHONE RINGS
EXHALES
KNOCKS ON DOOR
-Hi.
Oh.
-Thank you.
-Glad to be useful for once.
So you think there'll be more in
store tonight from the neighbours?
I hope not.
Oh. you know. as long as it doesn't
get any worse. eh?
-Maybe it's what they're used to.
-How do you mean?
Oh. you know... just...
-you know.
-Mm.
Do you want a hand with the picture.
they can be quite fiddly?
Dad. do you want a cup of tea?
No. thanks.
-I'll be fine.
-Well. you know where you can find me.
Shit.
There you are. Where have you been?
-I thought I told you to get back before dark.
-Jack was slow. - Come on.
Excuse me. Hi. Can I have a word?
There's a bit of noise in your
place into
the small hours
and it's keeping us up.
I'm looking for Violeta.
my daughter?
Sh-she's nine.
she's wearing this pink jacket.
Sparkly shoes.
Oh. God. No. I haven't seen her.
I'm sure it's fine.
She just. she just gets
a little in her head sometimes.
Do you want me to help you look
for her?
No. I think I'm good.
-If I see her. I'll let you know.
-Thank you.
You didn't see. her did you?
No.
-Hi. Dad.
Where have you lot been?
We went to get a bit of air.
didn't we? How was your day?
Can I have ready salted?
Err. I met that fella from
the cabin next door.
you know. the one whose wife's not
100% there.
OK.
I don't think he's 100% either.
I'll tell you later.
Hello. are they for me?
LAUGHTER
They're my crisps!
Celine.
No. You've got me mixed up
with someone else.
From the bothy.
What?
Oh. God. are you OK?
You look like you've such
a weight on you.
Annie. there you are.
David. it's Celine.
No. it's Justine.
Annie. you've got confused.
I'm sorry. this happens sometimes.
It's fine.
I could have sworn it was you.
Come on. darling. let's go.
VIDEO GAME PLAYS
-There you go.
-Thank you.
HE SNORES
SNORES MORE LOUDLY
SHE PANTS
SHE GROANS
GROANS
Sh.
HE SNORES
Fuck.
You all right?
Can't find my lighter.
Not in here.
Is Mummy smoking again?
-Yep.
-Mummy's silly.
Silly and naughty.
and very stupid.
And you can tell her I said that.
SHE SOBS
CLICK
Do you mind?
I'm a photographer.
OK.
You found her. then. Your daughter?
Yes.
Thank you.
The kids are in bed.
Look. er.
I know it's been a tough year.
With work for me
and you getting ill.
but I've been thinking about how
lucky we are.
We've got two great kids.
Each other.
I'm here for you.
You can talk to me about anything
you like.
You know that. don't you?
This is supposed
to be our holiday. Justine.
I've got the sex life of
a 13-year-old boy.
If I touch you.
it's like you've been stung.
Have you got any idea how
humiliating that is?
I'm not well.
No. at first I thought it was work.
or stress. and then your health
but it's been going on
for months now.
If sex is so important to you.
have an affair.
-What kind of thing is that to say?
-Oh. God.
don't think I don't know why you're
always going off
to that hotel to chat up that
Polish woman?
Who's Maya? When we were packing.
I found her passport in your bag.
Sorry. er.
why were you looking in my bag?
Don't turn this into
something else.
No... No. What are you doing.
going through my things?
What are you doing
-with someone else's passport? Are you leaving me?
-Leaving you?
If there's something you need.
I can be open-minded.
If you're having an affair
with this Maya woman.
I know these things happen.
I've been reading about it.
- SHE LAUGHS
- It's really common.
Don't laugh at me!
What's up with you?
-Whatever's going on. you can tell me.
-Just...
I love you.
Lately. it feels like I'm...
I am walking through a dream...
that everything that makes me
me is slipping away.
The erm. the worries.
the money. the kids.
and I. er. and I'm numb to it.
and I have been trying
so fucking hard
to feel something. to feel anything.
and then this woman takes my job
and suddenly I have this rage in me
like fire under my skin
and I can't...
Are you talking about this woman.
Maya?
This isn't like...
I... I...
it's like it's somebody else.
it's like it wasn't me.
But being here. I see that...
What have you done?
Oh. my God.
I can take it back.
I know I can.
I was hoping you would be in.
So they still don't know what
it was?
Er. I think they're still trying
to figure it out.
but it looks like I have
a thickened ventricle.
I was worried it might be
stress-related.
Yeah. Could be that too.
I was worried I had contributed.
and I've come to apologise.
What I said. I was out of line.
Oh. it's... it's fine.
My head's not been in a great place.
New city.
new job and my dad died last year.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you. but it's no excuse.
I think I just got a bit paranoid.
We all have our moments.
I really thought you didn't
like me.
Well. that's just not true.
You're quite intimidating. actually.
Me? No.
You're... quite cool.
Hmm. I've never been told that
before.
Anyway. I hope we can be friends.
Of course.
Thank you for the...
-Don't...
-Don't you touch me!
Just...
Just... OK?
Don't...
I... I... I only picked it up cos I
thought you were going to.
Can I go. please?
Don't fucking look at me like I was
going to do something.
I picked it up cos I thought you
were going to.
Please. can I get by?
Just. just promise me you won't say
anything. and I'll let you go.
What do you mean. "Let me go."?
I'm sorry.
JUSTINE PANTS
Just... I need you...
You're not well.
LOUD MUSIC POUNDS
This bastard fucking music.
Oh. hiya. sweetheart.
Steve?
Hello. the music keeping you
two up?
Don't worry. Daddy'll sort it.
Do you need a pee. darling?
I'm gonna pop over. have a word.
Don't do anything stupid.
Can I come?
'Course you can. sweetheart.
get your shoes on.
She's not going with you.
No-one's kicking off if she's there.
Do you think her husband knows that
you're trying it on with his missus?
Well. I may as well.
I'm not having any joy here. am I?
Come on. sweetheart.
let's have an adventure.
Subtitles by Red Bee Media